# 7-3 Project - Grocery Store Program
In this project I've completed a grocery store inventory purchases program. This program structures raw data, outputs data in a structured format to a user using best practices, and builds a histogram through a .dat file. This project is notable because it utilizes two programming languages, C++ and Python. This is accomplished by the Python C Extension. I feel as though I performed well specifically in the area of best practices and documentation. I ensured all functions had an example and ample documentation on it's uses. There are also snippets of explanations throughout the code itself. Best practices also include proper clean up of objects and closures of files. I could enhance my could by generating a function call that converts a C++ map type variable to python Dictionary which would allow the flow of data easier. This would also allow minimal string schemes to be converted between the two languages.

I found it most challenges to understand the best implementations of what should be built in Python versus C++. I overcame this by referencing API documentations and readings regarding how each language handles data and it's security of handling data. I will be using the API documentation for Python C extension more thoroughly for future projects to understand the best practices on implementing functions. Notably, the use of Python C extension will be useful and transferable to other projects in the future. I made this program maintainable and readable through it's level of documentation. I also made this program adaptable by making reusable modules for future projects and for future updates of this project.
